Audit MTP CLI options and environment variables; annotate with introduction versions (#54106)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/testing/microsoft-testing-platform-crash-hang-dumps.md

| `--crashdump` | Generates a dump file when the test host process crashes. Supported in .NET 6.0+. |
| `⁠-⁠-⁠crashdump-⁠filename` | Specifies the file name of the dump. |
| `--crashdump-type` | Specifies the type of the dump. Valid values are `Mini`, `Heap`, `Triage`, `Full`. Defaults as `Full`. For more information, see [Types of mini dumps](../diagnostics/collect-dumps-crash.md#types-of-mini-dumps). |

> | `--crash-report` | [Linux/macOS only] Generates a JSON crash report when the test process crashes. Combine with `--crashdump` to also generate a dump file. Requires .NET 7+ when used alone; .NET 6+ when combined with `--crashdump`. Not supported on Windows because the .NET runtime ignores the underlying `DOTNET_EnableCrashReport` and `DOTNET_EnableCrashReportOnly` environment variables on Windows ([dotnet/runtime#80191](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/80191)). Available in MTP starting with version 2.3.0. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--crash-report` | [Linux/macOS only] Generates a JSON crash report when the test process crashes. Combine with `--crashdump` to also generate a dump file. Requires .NET 7+ when used alone or .NET 6+ when combined with `--crashdump`. Not supported on Windows because the .NET runtime ignores the underlying `DOTNET_EnableCrashReport` and `DOTNET_EnableCrashReportOnly` environment variables on Windows ([dotnet/runtime#80191](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/80191)). Available in MTP starting with version 2.3.0. |
```

> | `--crash-report-if-supported` | Same as `--crash-report` but silently ignored (with an informational message) on platforms where crash report generation isn't supported. Use this option to keep the same command line across CI matrices that include Windows. Mutually exclusive with `--crash-report`. Available in MTP starting with version 2.3.0. |

Author: Done in 2395b3043a — dropped 'silently' from the description.

| Option | Description |
|--|--|
| `--hangdump` | Generates a dump file in case the test host process hangs. |
| `-⁠-hangdump-filename` | Specifies the file name of the dump. Supports the following placeholders: `{pname}` (test application name), `{pid}` (process ID), `{asm}` (entry assembly name), `{tfm}` (target framework moniker), `{time}` (timestamp). The legacy `%p` token (process ID) is also supported for backward compatibility. |
| `--hangdump-timeout` | Specifies the duration of no activity after which the dump is generated. The timeout value is specified in one of the following formats:<br/>`1.5h`, `1.5hour`, `1.5hours`<br/>`90m`, `90min`, `90minute`, `90minutes`<br/>`5400s`, `5400sec`, `5400second`, `5400seconds`<br/>`500ms`, `500mil`, `500millisecond`, `500milliseconds`<br/>`1d`, `1day`, `1days`. A bare number (with no suffix) is interpreted as milliseconds. Defaults to `30m` (30 minutes). |

> | `--hangdump-type` | Specifies the type of the dump. Valid values on .NET (Core) are `Mini`, `Heap`, `Full`, `Triage`, `None`. On .NET Framework, the valid values are `Mini`, `Heap`, `Full`, `None` (`Triage` is unavailable). Defaults to `Full`. For more information, see [Types of mini dumps](../diagnostics/collect-dumps-crash.md#types-of-mini-dumps). The `None` value is available in MTP starting with version 2.1.0. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--hangdump-type` | Specifies the type of the dump. Valid values are `Mini`, `Heap`, `Full`, `Triage` (not available on .NET Framework), `None`. Defaults to `Full`. For more information, see [Types of mini dumps](../diagnostics/collect-dumps-crash.md#types-of-mini-dumps). The `None` value is available in MTP starting with version 2.1.0. |
```

> | `--hangdump-type-if-supported` | Same as `--hangdump-type` but silently falls back (with an informational message) to the closest supported dump type when the requested type isn't available on the current runtime. For example, `Triage` is only supported on .NET (Core) and falls back to `Mini` on .NET Framework. Use this option to keep the same command line across CI matrices that mix .NET (Core) and .NET Framework. Valid values are `Mini`, `Heap`, `Full`, `Triage`, `None`. Mutually exclusive with `--hangdump-type`. Available in MTP starting with version 2.3.0. |

Author: Done in 2395b3043a — dropped 'silently' from the description.
